joltif > thaobi
----
joltif: hey, dude
joltif: do you have a boyfriend yet
joltif: lmao
thaobi: What
thaobi: Uhhh, why do you ask
joltif: just asking, for fun
joltif: manage to get anyone near your dumpster for a change?
thaobi: .
thaobi: That sounds like an insult. My dumpster is nice. How dare you?
joltif: sure buddy, try telling that to like. literally ANY guy.
joltif: or gal i guess
joltif: hey, btw what part of the spectrum do you even like anyway? 
joltif: the blood spectrum
thaobi: Uhh what
thaobi: Am I like
thaobi: Supposed to like somebody
joltif: huh
thaobi: Like what if I just don't feel like it you know
thaobi: What if I just don't feel like  I have the ability to love
thaobi: Am I supposed to
joltif: um
joltif: well, that would get you culled
joltif: try to avoid the imperial drones. their job is to get you to fill a pail.
joltif: and if you can't perform, then
joltif: yeah
thaobi: Oh
thaobi: Ok
joltif: so, just make sure to figure something out before you become of age.
thaobi: But I can't?
thaobi: I literally don't know how to experience attraction. I'm kinda lost here
joltif: ok
joltif: i don't know, at that point you're screwed
thaobi: You're kidding?
thaobi: Please tell me you're joking. Is this a bad joke
joltif: no
joltif: that would be messed up
thaobi: ...another thing to run from
thaobi: Great
joltif: i'm sorry, that's just alternian society for you
joltif: it sucks
thaobi: I know. I've been through this a million times
thaobi: You kinda just get used to it. I guess
thaobi: It is what it is
joltif: what the fuck
joltif: no it isn't what it is what the hell thaobi
joltif: people are trying to change the world.
joltif: those fucking SEADWELLERS know that what they're doing is wrong.
joltif: and yet, they keep it up because they know that we can't do anything.
joltif: those pieces of shit
thaobi: Um ok
thaobi: Cool
joltif: It's more than just "cool", it's literally life-changing
joltif: What is it with you?
thaobi: Idk
thaobi: I guess it's just my coping strategy lol
joltif: why cope when you can help though
thaobi: How
joltif: i dunno, how about attending protests. or hacking into highblood chittr dms and reading them
thaobi: What
thaobi: I can't go out in public they'll cull me on the spot
thaobi: And also I don't know how to hack
joltif: cringe
joltif: me and keelez do it all of the time, it's fun
joltif: you should join us someday. i could make a memo