thaobi > keelez
----
thaobi: Keels
thaobi: Hey Keelez
keelez: Hi? What do you need?
thaobi: Do you like... like anybody?
thaobi: I haven't really had time to figure myself out so
thaobi: I just wanted to ask what liking someone is like.
thaobi: You know?
keelez: Umm, well...
keelez: It's complicated. You just have to look at people until you find someone you're attracted to.
keelez: Figure out the quadrant, then... there you go. You're liking somebody.
thaobi: Quadrant?
keelez: ...Oh, right.
keelez: Let's just focus on matespritship for now.
thaobi: You're not making sense...
keelez: You've been outside, right? And you've seen people kiss, right?
thaobi: Yeah?
keelez: That usually stems from matespritship.
thaobi: OK.
keelez: So, that being said, my crushes throughout my life have been on girls.
keelez: That would mean my ideal matesprit would be female.
thaobi: I honestly don't know who I'm attracted to.
thaobi: Being attracted to your own gender is normal right
thaobi: Like, that's the norm?
keelez: No, not the whole norm. Some people are attracted to the opposite gender.
thaobi: What
thaobi: That's weird.
keelez: Thaobi... come on. It's not weird, it's normal.
keelez: Both are normal.
keelez: Look, uh.
keelez: Romance is an important element to society. Like, I have experience.
thaobi: You've pailed with someone?
keelez: No. I'm a jadeblood, haha. In my early days I used to handle broods.
thaobi: Ok
thaobi: Anyway who do you like?
keelez: What? I haven't really met anyone I like.
keelez: I mean, OK, I guess there's this one girl... uhh...
keelez: She's kinda cute, I guess. But I dunno... matespritship is a huge responsibility, and I can't just pick *anyone* for it.
keelez: I haven't really gotten to know her that well.
thaobi: Aww
thaobi: You've got a crush lol
keelez: 
keelez: Um.
keelez: Yeah, I guess?
keelez: I guess... you could put it that way. I have a flushed crush.
thaobi: So... Who's the special someone?
keelez: What? I'm not telling you.
keelez: You're always bad at keeping secrets.
thaobi: Lol, can't help myself sorry
thaobi: So who is it?
keelez: fucking
keelez: You know what?
keelez: If I tell you, you have to help me confess.
thaobi: Lol what
keelez: If I tell you
keelez: Who my flushed crush is
keelez: You're gonna help me confess.
keelez: To my crush.
thaobi: Ok. Sounds like a plan...
thaobi: What's the catch
keelez: What? That IS the catch.
keelez: What do you mean?
thaobi: Um
thaobi: Nevermind Lol
thaobi: I'll do it
keelez: OK then.
keelez: So, you want to know my crush?
thaobi: Yeah
keelez: My FLUSHED crush?
thaobi: What else would I mean
thaobi: You've been talking about your flushed crush this whole time.
keelez: Shut up...
keelez: It's <a href="/TrollCall/char/madhie/">Madhie</a>.
thaobi: Who
keelez: You know, the... other jade girl. Longer hair than me... pointy ears?
thaobi: Um
thaobi: Right. Her?
keelez: Your quirk isn't helping.
thaobi: Well your quirk is stupid and basic
thaobi: It's not like I can just turn it off lol
thaobi: I'm used to it
keelez: Look, that's a tangent for another day. I'm sorry.
keelez: Yes, her.
thaobi: You know, you always did act weird near her
thaobi: To be honest I never knew you had a crush on her?
keelez: Uh,
keelez: Well.
keelez: Otherwise you'd be screaming it out, right.
thaobi: True
keelez: Why do you like doing that, anyway?
keelez: It's irritating.
thaobi: Because you're "Irritating" lol
keelez: ...
keelez: Look, whatever.
keelez: Now it's your responsibility to help me tell her.
thaobi: Sigh
thaobi: Ok
thaobi: We Should Meet "IRL" For This.
keelez: Sure, whatever. See ya.
thaobi: Kbai