keelez > joltif
----
keelez: Hey.
keelez: TC. Hey.
keelez: I gotta talk to you
joltif: what the fuck, do you want
joltif: i'm trying to SLEEP, bitchass
keelez: So, you know how we hate each other? Like... a lot~?
joltif: oh
joltif: my
joltif: GOD
joltif: is this about our kismesissitude??? can you NOT right now???
joltif: like, seriously, i'm only here because you decided to message me, right after a horrible nightmare
joltif: maybe, when i refill my recuperacoon with more sopor, i can use some to make you shut it
keelez: Wow, so hostile...
joltif: Don't get any big ideas, creep
keelez: Anyway, yes it is about our kismesissitude.
joltif: well make it quick. i wanna go back to dreaming
joltif: dreaming about something much less horrible than this
keelez: sigh
keelez: siiigh...
joltif: OK, now you're just stalling
joltif: I fucking knew it
joltif: I know you idolize that gross, bearded fuck
joltif: but I just want YOU to know, his last name
joltif: "stallman"
joltif: does, NOT mean he spent, HOURS at night
joltif: wasting another's precious
joltif: shuteye duration
joltif: so how about you do me a favor and fuck off
keelez: Yeah
keelez: So what if I'm only doing this to make you mad
keelez: You're still here
joltif: and
joltif: is that supposed to be an insult
joltif: i can be here for hours. you just have no life
keelez: Well, maybe I want to make you waste your time as well
joltif: fucking, BUGSHIT can you just, GET TO THE POINT??
joltif: if not, i will get over there, and CULL you
keelez: I dare you
keelez: Maybe, just maybe, it's what I want from you.
keelez: So go ahead. Cull me.
joltif: i'm sorry, what
joltif: hold on. keels are you like
joltif: actually fucking okay
keelez: Why are you backing out
joltif: you know exactly why
joltif: dude what the fuck. i'm not gonna actually kill you
joltif: what do i look like, some kind of monster? some fearless lusus naturae?
joltif: did you just get me mad, so i would threaten you, and then you do this
joltif: because if that's the case, then you're actually sick in the head
joltif: but, of course, what do I know, i'm just your kismesis
keelez: Pff, alright, fine, I'm done
keelez: I just wanted to see if you wanted to meet
keelez: Maybe discuss a way to raise the stakes a little
joltif: ugghhhhhh really
joltif: i mean i guess i'd like to see you try to raise the stakes
joltif: it would be fun
keelez: Want a little taste of what I'm thinking?
joltif: uh, yeah, sure, hit me
keelez: OK, look.
keelez: I hate seeing you. You hate seeing me.
joltif: well i mean. keelez. you're pretty ok
joltif: but yeah, continue
keelez: ...What? Dude, I seriously thought you actually hated my guts.
keelez: What the fuck do you mean by "I'm pretty OK?"
joltif: idiot
joltif: did you like. forget how kismesissitude works??
joltif: what even was your plan??
keelez: If we ever saw each other in real life
keelez: We would just straight up kill each other
joltif: So, you were SERIOUS???
joltif: You were SERIOUS.
joltif: your think pan is actually fucked. come on
joltif: i would like something BETTER than that please. maybe ironically
joltif: MAYBE have a toy blaster fight.
joltif: but AGAIN
joltif: I WOULD NOT KILL YOU.. THAT IS NOT. THE POINT
joltif: OF KISMESISSITUDE.
joltif: 
joltif: ???
keelez: I mean the toy blaster fight sounds good, I guess.
joltif: your ideas are ridiculous honestly
joltif: if i had to hear another one i would hit the stump and blow my head off
joltif: hey what do you know
joltif: look at that
joltif: a new plan
keelez: Yeah, that could work
joltif: fine
joltif: if we ever. see each other. in real life
joltif: we would have to blow our own heads off, with a stump gun.
joltif: does that sound good? are you happy?
keelez: Alright alright yeah whatever.
keelez: I'm glad we could agree.
joltif: yeah, honestly, shut up
joltif: i hate this idea
joltif: but it's whatever
keelez: OK, talk to you later.
joltif: i really should have said that to you earlier
joltif: i'm going back to sleep, fuck you